It's easy to take you and it's also difficult to defend.
The elder of Longmen. What can be said without faith?
You also know that I am the boss of Dragon Gate in difficulty.
Do you want to know?
How many ways can I make a person do it?
My mother is really capable.
I can't give Ruoshui credit now.
Your mother has strength.
Okay! Let her come to me to see her strength.
If her strength really surpasses mine, I will promise you.
not tell you
What a diva my mother is
Even the God of War listens to her now
I've never heard of any diva
The God of War listens to her
What a joke
Okay, you wait
I will return my mother to you now
let you see
Then let her come quickly
I really want to meet you
What does the Queen look like?
Okay, you wait
Now, let her come over and get into the water.
I forgot my mom's phone number
I'll go back and hand her over now
Wait for me to come
I'll come to you, don't wait, wait for me
I told you before
There's no way you can do this with this rotten boy
Don't change your mind
What if her mother is really powerful?
Too powerful
Can it be compared with the difficulty level?
Of course he told me
In two days, you will always be young.
Returned from studying abroad
Will you come to my home in person? Will you kiss me?